[MKC-1267, HWGG-355] Add Webserial to Giga Camera Guide (#2043)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/10.mega/boards/giga-r1-wifi/tutorials/giga-camera/giga-camera.md

In this guide, we will explore the following:

- Where the camera connector is located.
- What cameras are compatible?
- What library to use?
- How to set up a camera stream to a browser using webserial.

## Hardware & Software Needed

To follow and use the examples provided in this guide, you will need an [Arduino GIGA R1 WiFi](/hardware/giga-r1-wifi)

You will also need the following software:

- [Arduino IDE](https://www.arduino.cc/en/software) (any version).
- [Webserial](https://labs.oniudra.cc/en/labs/web-serial-camera) (for displaying camera feed).

To run the Webserial locally go to:

```
C:\Users\<UserName>\AppData\Local\Arduino15\packages\arduino\hardware\mbed_giga\4.1.3\libraries\Camera\extras\WebSerialCamera
```

> 

Reviewer: Not sure if we even want to talk about this option. If we do we need to put the paths for all 3 operating systems.

Author: Good point. I removed it for now and in case we get any requests about it we can add it for all each OS.

> and open the `.index`. We suggest using the Chrome™ browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and open the `index.html` file. We suggest using the Chrome™ browser to do so.
```

  // Grab frame and write to serial
  if (cam.grabFrame(fb, 3000) == 0) {    
    byte* buffer = fb.getBuffer();
    size_t bufferSize = cam.frameSize();
    digitalWrite(LED_BUILTIN, LOW);
    
    sendChunk(START_SEQUENCE, sizeof(START_SEQUENCE));

    // Split buffer into chunks
    for(size_t i = 0; i < bufferSize; i += CHUNK_SIZE) {
      size_t chunkSize = min(bufferSize - i, CHUNK_SIZE);
      sendChunk(buffer + i, chunkSize);
    }    
    
    sendChunk(STOP_SEQUENCE, sizeof(STOP_SEQUENCE));
    
    digitalWrite(LED_BUILTIN, HIGH);
  } else {
    blinkLED(20);
  }
}

/**
 * Sends the camera configuration over a serial connection.
 * This is used to configure the web app to display the image correctly.
 */
void sendCameraConfig(){
  Serial.write(IMAGE_MODE);
  Serial.write(RESOLUTION);
  Serial.flush();
  delay(1);
}

void loop() {
  if(!Serial) {    
    Serial.begin(115200);
    while(!Serial);    
  }

  if(!Serial.available()) return;

  byte request = Serial.read();

  switch(request){
    case IMAGE_SEND_REQUEST:
      sendFrame();
      break; 
    case CONFIG_SEND_REQUEST:
      sendCameraConfig();
      break;
  }
  
}

```

### Step 2: Web Serial

> Open the [Webserial Interface](https://labs.oniudra.cc/en/labs/web-serial-camera) which allows you to view the camera feed. As data is streamed via serial, make sure you close the Serial Monitor during this process, else it will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the [Web Serial Interface](https://arduino.github.io/labs-pages/web-serial-camera/) which allows you to view the camera feed. Make sure to close the Serial Monitor in the Arduino IDE beforehand, otherwise it will not work as the serial port would be occupied.
```
